[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There are so many
benevolent civilizations around
your universe that are
waiting for humanity to raise
your vibration so that you
can begin to feel, see,
connect with them.
They are waiting for humanity
to join the universe.
And many of these
star families are
available to assist
in your awakening.
This home in Mount Shasta is
over part of an inner Earth
city known as Telos.
The beings from Telos
appreciate this gathering,
and they are asking to bring
their energies of support
to each and every one
of you around the world.
There is so much in this
vast reality for you
all to experience.
Are you ready to
experience more?
And there are many star families
who work with the stargate.
They come in their light bodies.
They come because
you have asked.
Invite them closer,
feel their vibrations.
Just feel.
Feel the energy gently
changing around you.
And feel.
Here they come.
The energy again, gently
changing around you.
Maybe you can feel each one is a
little different coming to you.
Very good.
And so the angels, the
masters, the star families
have brought the
energetics here together
to support each
and every one of us
wherever and whenever
you are around the world.
Relaxing into this
growing energy field.
Nothing to do.
>> Prageet.
Julieanne.
Jules.
>> Hey.
>> We're in Mount Shasta.
>> Yay.
>> And you have a wonderful--
in our backdrop here, somewhere,
we'll get in there later.
But you have a
wonderful stargate
that we got to experience
this past weekend.
And I'd love to get to
know you guys a little more
and about the stargate.
And well, let's start there.
What is the stargate?
>> Well the stargate is a
sacred geometrical form.
And that sacred geometry
actually holds an energy.
And so the various geometric
forms within the stargate
allow it to be an
anchor for a higher
dimensional consciousness.
And that's a little
challenging for some people
when they hear that.
But Alcazar said it's very
similar to our physical bodies.
Our physical bodies are
an anchor for a higher
dimensional consciousness.
For us.
>> Yeah, my show,
I think everybody--
>> Yeah.
>> I think we get
to understand--
we know what that means.
>> Great.
And so this higher dimensional,
very benevolent energetic
is anchored in the structure.
And when we work
with the stargate,
we're actually working
with that higher
dimensional consciousness.
And so when we're work
with individuals or groups,
we ask the stargate to raise
the vibration in the room.
And if people are connected
in via the internet,
the energy is
experienced by them
simultaneously
because we're actually
working in the quantum field.
So the energetic is very
tangible all around the world.
>> So it's almost--
you say it has its
own consciousness.
And your guide,
Alcazar, who we're
going to bring through later, is
that a different consciousness
than the actual stargate?
Or how does that work?
>> Yes, is Alcazar is
actually what he describes
as a universal master.
And he's a spokesperson for
a group of universal masters.
>> And their whole focus of
the Alcazar group is to assist
in the awakening
process of humanity.
>> I see.
>> So Alcazar is like a master
at understanding our humanness
in helping us navigate through
to higher levels of awareness.
>> So could the stargate be
equivalent to almost like
an artificial intelligence,
like a conscious AI spaceship?
In some of my other
episodes, we go into that,
so just maybe related.
>> I wouldn't like to
say one way or the other.
>> OK.
Sure, sure.
Oh, go ahead.
>> For me, it's more
like pure consciousness.
>> Yeah.
>> And part of the function of
the stargate is to be like this
cosmic tuning fork.
The beingness of the
stargate is able to anchor
into the structure, and
then vibrate us in a way
that we're like a tuning again
to the multi-dimensional nature
of the universe.
Whereas, we are just as
cosmic as the stargate is.
But we've been through
lifetime after lifetime
of forgetting how to tune in.
>> Right.
So in a way, it's--
one of the terms I like to use
is a permission slip for us
to access this information.
Though we have it ourselves,
we can use the stargate.
>> Alcazar calls it a
doorway to higher dimensions.
It creates this
space, and when we're
in that 12th
dimensional energetic,
people become very
sensitive to the guides
and the benevolent beings.
And so in the workshop,
we will actually
invite them to come into the
meditation-- into the room.
And people can feel the energy
of the guides coming in.
It's very tangible.
>> Yeah, I was talking to a
lot of folks this weekend,
and they definitely
felt the subtle nuances
and the differences of the
energies that were being called
in.
>> Yeah.
>> I was busy with my camera
work and everything else,
so I felt something, but I
couldn't tell the nuances
obviously because I was--
technical things going on here.
>> I mean, those people that
have inner vision can actually
see the guides
coming into the room.
And that's really
nice for everyone else
to hear them reporting
what they've seen.
>> Exactly.
So how did this
all start for you?
When did you get the downloads
to build the stargate?
>> Well, building the stargate
came about a year after Alcazar
appeared in my life.
And that was a complete shock.
It wasn't something I expected.
I was living on Maui.
I was working with a group of
about 20 people to create--
to buy a hotel and to create
a new age healing center.
And one day, we were having
a meeting in my home,
and I was really exhausted.
And my friends said, well,
why don't you just lie down
and we'll give you a massage?
Which sounded really nice.
So I was lying on
the living room floor
with many people massaging me.
I went to this is very
deep space, beautiful.
And that was kind of timeless.
And then after a while,
somebody was talking.
And that was a bit
of a disturbance,
but I was enjoying the space.
But the talking got stronger
and louder, and in the end,
I opened my eyes and I realized
it was me that was talking.
[LAUGHTER]
My friends had
stopped massaging me.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And they were looking at me
saying, you were channeling.
>> Wow.
>> And it was like, no, no.
Of course not.
And they said, yes, you were.
Do it again.
>> And then what
were your thoughts?
What did you do?
>> Well, first of all, I didn't
accept that I was channeling.
I was very skeptical back then.
And my friends asking
me to do it again,
and it happened again.
So slowly, slowly I
started to perhaps allow
that this is a reality.
And I was in my room by myself,
and I said, if this is real,
who are you?
And I heard loud
and clear, Alcazar.
And that's such a
strange name that I
didn't think it was something
that my mind would make up.
>> Right.
>> So anyway, my friends were
very persistent wanting to have
more channeling.
And because of this
skeptical nature,
Alcazar started to
give me demonstrations.
And first of all, he
would tell people things
about their earlier life
that I knew nothing about.
And then after that, because
I was still doubtful,
he started giving
predictions about what
was about to happen for
them in a day or two.
He would say this is
what's going to happen.
And when it happens,
call Prageet.
So I started getting these
calls from my friends saying,
what Alcazar predicted,
it's happened.
>> Wow.
>> And so slowly, I just
settled into, this is real.
>> Did he give you any reference
points of where he's from
or what--
like a different dimension,
planet or anything like that?
>> No.
For a long time, when people
asked, where are you from?
He would say, what
difference would it make?
That's just a
question for the mind.
>> Sure.
>> Tune into the energy.
If the energy feels
beneficial, great.
If it doesn't, wonderful.
Just let it go.
>> Wow.
>> And then a long time
later, he said, OK, well,
I am a spokesperson.
I'm for a group of
universal masters.
And the intention
of those people
is to actually oversee
the evolution of humanity.
>> Oh, Wow.
OK.
So he's pretty-- he's
tied into the human story,
human experience.
>> Absolutely, yeah.
>> And Jules, how about you?
How did Alcazar
reach out to you?
>> So my kind of metaphysical
journey began actually with
reconnect of healing.
And for me, I was like,
it was the first time
I experienced multidimensional
energies and being in them.
And I was like, whoa.
I don't want to just
use these for healing,
I want to be in these energies.
So then basically, through
just pure synchronicity,
I happened to find
the stargate online.
And I was moving back to
my hometown after college.
My intention was in no
way to even really pursue
the spiritual path.
I wanted to become
a medical doctor
and I wanted to do the
pure scientific training,
and then blend it in
with some of the more
alternative approaches.
I like to say now, I'm
just super alternative.
But basically,
long story short is
I ended up experiencing the
stargate for the first time
at this gathering in someone's
living room in Placerville,
California.
Prageet traveled the
whole world in the '90s
and ended up settling
down about half an hour
from where I was born.
>> Oh, cool.
Where was that?
>> Sacramento.
>> Sacramento?
OK.
>> Yeah, California.
And so I walk into
this living room,
the stargate's in the center.
And I have this gush
of wind feeling.
And I'm like, OK,
something's going to happen.
I still had no idea that
it would be part of my life
until I crossed paths with
Prageet for the first time
and I saw his face.
And it like had this
moment out of time.
And it felt like deja
vu, but it felt like I
was remembering the future.
And it came with three feelings.
Like my whole life
was about to change.
I would travel all
over the world.
And it would be the greatest
adventure I've ever been on.
And this smile popped on my
face because it felt so good.
But I was like, OK,
we'll see what happens.
I hadn't even experienced
the stargate at that point
yet in that evening.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And so, yeah, basically,
little by little,
Alcazar started to
reveal our connection.
And what he said was
that we've essentially
done the stargate work together
on other planetary systems.
And that the
stargate is basically
a tool that assists in
the awakening process.
So it comes to
planets when they're
ready to hit that
acceleration point.
>> Right, which we're
at right now, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Deep in it right now.
>> Deep in it now.
There is no question.
>> Yeah.
>> If there was a question
at the beginning of my show,
this year, 2020, has really
proven that exponential--
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> --acceleration.
>> That's exactly what
Alcazar says it is.
It's an exponential
curve, right?
And we're right here.
>> Yeah, we're just at
the beginning of that--
>> The beginning of
the acceleration.
>> Yeah.
>> I feel that, for sure.
>> Especially, this weekend too.
Wow.
So many confirmations of--
this used to be
such a niche thing.
And now it's like,
everybody's filling the--
>> Yeah.
We have thousands of
people all over the world
that are tuning in.
>> And this weekend was
kind of unique, I suppose,
because you invited Aseal
to come in, and you guys are
working together.
>> Yeah.
This was the first
time with Aseal.
And what we found out is that
Aseal has started publicly
channeling very recently--
>> Like literally two weeks ago.
>> --the Elohim.
>> Right, right.
>> And the Elohim council
oversee the stargate work.
So it felt like they'd
brought us together
with the intention of
rapidly accelerating
what we're both doing,
moving it to the next level.
>> And for us, we didn't
actually even know that Aseal
was channeling the Elohim until
we decided to do this workshop
together and he
was like, oh, yeah.
When we do the longer
workshops, it's usually
the Elohim coming through.
And we were both like, ooh.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> So excited because that,
usually in the stargate work,
it's rare that Alcazar will
call in the Elohim council.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And when he does, it usually
means something totally new is
about to come
through the stargate.
>> I see.
>> Yeah.
>> And this weekend,
we've had, I mean,
from the galactic federation or
council if you want to call--
there's many names for that.
These galactic groups to Buddha
to Jesus and Mary Magdalene
and like Lao Tzu, right?
And even mentioned
his disciple--
>> Chung Zhu.
>> --Chung Zhu.
So all of these
energies are converging.
We have many names,
like you said.
Ascended masters.
>> Yeah.
>> Angels.
Galactics.
So you're sort of
creating a portal for--
>> All of them.
>> For all it, right?
>> And more.
There's the other realms, too.
The dragon realm, for example.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> And the unicorns.
So they're attracted
to this as well?
>> Yeah.
And the merpeople.
We have a mermaid
that comes through.
>> She's like a
stand up comedian.
>> She's so funny.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
>> Does she have a name?
>> Symphonia.
>> Yeah.
>> Does she come
through the both of you?
>> No, just through
me right now.
>> Well--
>> You never know.
>> No.
So one of the facets
of the stargate work
is actually that
it connects us up
to other dimensional aspects
of our higher selves.
So what Alcazar
says-- and I guess
many spiritual
traditions also say
this-- is that our
souls have the ability
to actually subdivide
into 12 aspects who
can all be experiencing
a dimensional reality.
So our humanness
is one of these 12.
>> Sure.
>> And so for Prageet, what
we've found is Alcazar has
started to introduce us
to some of these aspects.
And Symphonia is
one of his aspects.
>> Symphonia?
>> Yeah, this mer--
>> The mermaid.
>> Mermaid.
>> I also heard there's a
dragon aspect called Fon?
>> Ran.
>> Ran, sorry.
Ran?
Oh, wow.
And he sounds like that?
>> He sounds a lot more
like that actually, yeah,
when he comes through.
>> OK.
OK.
>> In fact, the first few times,
I got a sore throat afterwards.
>> OK.
Can we bring you in later maybe?
>> Well, maybe.
>> If he wants to.
>> He might show up.
>> OK, interesting.
So I'm really fascinated
with this aspect
of the dual channeling
during the workshop.
So Alcazar would
sort of flip-flop
between the two of you.
>> Yeah.
>> What does that feel like when
that's happening or can you go
into that?
>> Well, to me, it
feels very natural.
>> OK.
>> It's like I'm listening
to the channeling as it comes
through.
I don't really know
what's going to come next.
>> Sure.
>> And sometimes, Alcazar,
when he's talking and guiding
a group, he will start a
sentence and then he'll stop.
And then he'll
carry on and he'll
have these moments of silence
halfway through a sentence.
And also, he will
jump, as you said,
from coming through me
to coming through Jules.
>> Mm-hmm.
It's interesting for me because
what will happen sometime,
especially as the
energy elevates,
is I'll look across
the stargate at Prageet
and it's like that
recognition happens again.
Where it's like we
know each other.
And so there's this amazing
energy of this family.
It's an interesting feeling.
But what Alcazar has said
about what we're doing
is we both have this direct
connection to the being Alcazar
through our higher selves.
He says, it's not like this,
but you could imagine almost
like we're his descendants.
And so because of that, when
we both do the stargate work
together, it's like the energy
comes through a triangle
from Alcazar through us.
And so we're really holding
the energy together as well as
bouncing back and forth.
>> So you're really in tune
with each other in that moment
to finish each other's
sentences, in a sense.
I see.
Well, back it up
just a little bit.
Jules, when did you
start channeling Alcazar?
And was it together
or was it on your own?
>> Yeah, so it was in 2012.
The moment Alcazar energy
first came through,
I was actually on
Maui, coincidentally.
I got this call in
Christmas Eve 2012,
I was driving with my dad in
my hometown Davis, California.
And Prageet's on the phone
and he was like, Jules,
I'm on Maui, but I'm
really stressed out.
[LAUGHTER]
And he's like-- his best
friend, Fareed, suggested
that he call someone
who can come and help
with computer work and stuff.
And so I'm like,
it's Christmas Eve.
I'm like, Dad, can I go to Maui?
My dad's like, yeah, sure.
Go.
I was like 23 at the time.
And so, yeah, I mean--
>> And were you in
Maui at the time?
>> Yeah, he was on Maui.
So he invited me over.
And basically, that's where
the stargate was born too.
So it's just like
this beautiful thing
where we were just taking a
break one day from working,
meditating.
And suddenly, Prageet looked
over me and he was like, whoa.
What's happening?
And I was just
feeling the energy.
So I was like, I don't know.
And he says, I feel Alcazar's
energy all around me,
and I've only ever
felt it from inside.
And so for me, it
was like, ding.
Like there's another
confirmation of what I saw.
I think it was back in
September when I first
came to that stargate evening.
>> Right.
>> So that was really the
beginning of the confirmations
of that super conscious moment.
And yeah.
>> Because I could
feel the energy.
And then when I recognized
it, then Alcazar
started to actually come through
you and started to speak.
>> So you felt the energy
first, and then you were already
in the energy basking in it.
And then the voice
just came through?
How did that work?
>> No.
I mean, the first time I
had like so-called channeled
Alcazar, it was just the
energy coming through.
And actually, the first time
I decided to learn to channel
was because I chose to.
I was like, hey,
I'm with someone who
can teach me how to channel.
Because Prageet does that with
people all around the world.
So just happened to listen to
this like Kryon channeling.
He was like, learn how
to channel for yourself.
And I was like, yes.
So I actually channeled my
higher self for the first time.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> In that moment or
in that day or is it--
>> It was sometime in that trip.
>> On Maui?
>> Yeah.
It happened really fast.
>> Wow.
And has Alcazar talked about
why Maui or anything like that?
>> Well, it's the remnants,
in a sense, of Lemuria.
>> Right.
>> And Lemuria was one of those
places where consciousness
first came to humanity.
Before, we were still part of
the animal realm, in a sense.
And the Pleiadians came,
and the interaction
between the Pleiadian
women and the human male
allowed for the offspring
to hold consciousness.
>> OK, wow.
>> And also something
Alcazar has said about Maui
in particular is that that will
be the place on Earth where
oneness is first experienced.
>> So that's going
to be interesting.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Speaking of these
sacred spots in Maui,
obviously, I was there
back in March actually
right when COVID--
the lockdown--
>> Oh, we were there too.
>> --happened.
>> That's funny.
>> Wow.
Interesting.
I wonder if we called
that in somehow.
We're here in Shasta, and I
mean, I know Shasta is now.
This is my first time
here this weekend.
I can definitely understand why.
But from your words, what
was the calling to Shasta?
>> Well, there's actually an
energetic connection between
Shasta and Maui.
They call it the Rainbow Bridge.
>> Oh, OK.
>> But one of the things that
Alcazar has said is that a long
time ago, Lemuria
was a vast continent,
and it slowly sank
beneath the waves.
And he said that people
had to leave the continent.
And they moved out in all
directions, New Zealand,
Australia, South America
and North America.
So all the indigenous
in those areas
still say they come
from the Pleiades,
from that Lemurian connection.
So one of the things he said
was that as the continent was
sinking and people
moved away, they
were moving out of
that incredible bubble
of high consciousness
that was created there.
And he said that some of
the masters from that time
recognized that, as
people moved away,
their consciousness
was going to go down.
So many of them
stepped out of time
and actually came to Shasta.
There's an inner
Earth city of Telos.
And they've been there holding
the wisdom and information.
And they are ready to start
sharing that with humanity
again.
>> And it's actually in
another dimensional reality.
So they stepped outside
of time, they also
stepped outside of
this physical reality.
>> Right.
What we see here.
So yes, so Telos.
Yeah, that's
something I'm planning
to dive into more here.
So how does that connect
to Maui in the sense
that if we're going to
feel oneness in Maui,
is it teachings
from Telos or are
these energies coming through?
>> Well, what happens
sometimes in the workshop,
if that's a particular
focus, the masters--
the Lemurian masters will
actually come up into the room.
And they will then start to
radiate to the participants
some of this wisdom and
knowledge from the past.
And that is then anchored
within their energetics,
and it becomes
available to them when
it's the right time
for them individually.
And so they've done that with
quite a lot of people now.
Hundreds of people
in different places.
>> And you feel that
stronger here in Shasta,
as far as those
Lemurian energies?
>> It's different.
Every location, even when we
bring the same masters in,
at the energetic of
the place, the beings
respond not just
to those gathered,
but to the physical reality too.
And so they're
anchoring energies
in the different
places that we work.
>> There's many multidimensional
facets to this already
multidimensional reality.
So it's like, fractals upon
fractals upon fractals.
>> Exactly.
Yeah.
>> With the locations, ley
lines, the energetic body,
the stargates.
We have all these tools
that we can tap into,
it seems, almost at any time.
>> Yeah.
>> There's a fascinating story
that I think I should share
with you.
>> Yeah, please.
>> And this happened right
at the beginning when I first
started to channel
and started to--
more and more people started
to come to listen to Alcazar.
And he started to talk--
wanting to talk about Pleiadians
and Arcturians.
And I didn't know if
that was real back then.
And so every time he started to
talk about extraterrestrials,
as I thought of them then--
>> Sure.
>> --I would cut him off because
I didn't know that it was real.
And I felt strange enough
channeling back then,
and I didn't want to be
talking about things that I
didn't know were real.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And so he kept on
wanting to talk about them,
and I kept on cutting them off.
And it got stronger and in the
end, I said, OK, if it's real,
prove it to me.
And then you can talk about it.
And I thought,
well, maybe I will
see a spacecraft in the
sky or something like that.
But what actually happened
was way, way better than that.
So one day, he told me
to go down to Cassanova,
which is a coffee bar on Maui.
And I sat there wondering
why I was there.
And a couple came and sat
next to me, and after a while,
we got talking.
And then they were asking
what are you doing.
And I was kind of nervous.
And I said, well, I
just started channeling.
And the woman said, well,
will you give us a session?
So I said, yeah, OK.
Did a session with a husband,
and she called the next day
saying, wow, that was amazing.
He's totally different.
Can I have a session?
So I said, yes.
And she said, are you
willing to do an exchange?
And I said, yes, of course.
What is it you'd like
to offer in exchange?
And she said, well, I take
people up to the spaceships.
And I was like, whoa, really?
>> OK, yeah, yeah.
>> So we went--
>> You don't hear that
so often as an exchange.
Could I get a little exchange?
No.
>> And so we went back and we
did a session with Alcazar.
And she said, are you ready?
And I said, yes.
Where do we go?
I was ready to jump up
and run to wherever.
And she said, well,
actually, we go out of body.
And I said, oh.
I've never done that before.
I don't know how to do it.
>> Right.
>> And she said it's, OK.
You just lie down
and we will help you.
So I was lying on my
living room floor,
and I don't know how long
it took-- several minutes.
Suddenly, I felt I was
floating above my body.
My awareness was out of my body.
I could still feel
the body on the floor.
And she said, good.
You're out.
Now let's go straight up.
And so there was this sensation
of moving without moving.
Very strange.
And then I found myself
lying on something hard.
And I could see, but it
was like a thick mist.
And I could see the
outline of people.
And she said, wait a moment.
They're going to
work on your energy.
And then suddenly, I
could see very clearly.
And I was in a very small, round
amphitheater with three or four
kind of levels.
And there was probably 12
or 16 people in the room,
and they started applauding.
And she said, do you know
why they're clapping?
And I said, I got no idea.
And she said,
usually you come here
at night in your sleep state.
This is the first time
you've come consciously,
and so they're
acknowledging that.
>> That's cool.
>> And that was
like, oh, really?
>> Right, right.
A little embarrassed--
>> Yeah.
>> --for not knowing.
>> Yeah, right.
>> Oh, I've been on
this stage before?
What was I wearing?
>> And so then the
people left the room,
and there was just one
guy standing by the door.
And she said, do
you recognize him?
And I looked at him.
Wow, yeah.
He's so familiar.
But I don't remember
where I know him from.
And she said, this is
you in this dimension.
And that was too
much for my mind.
It's like, I didn't know
what to do with that.
That just felt too weird.
>> Sure.
Sure.
>> And she said, well, now we're
going to leave this small craft
that we're on and we're going
to go to the mothership.
I said, OK.
So we walked out of
the door and we were
walking along the corridor.
She was behind talking
and asking questions,
and he was on my left.
And after a few paces,
suddenly, we kind of merged.
And I was hearing myself
answering her questions
about the ship.
And that was the
strangest sensation.
It was like we became one.
And I was still in
that amazing space,
and we walked to the
end of the corridor
and there was like a
rectangular doorway.
But there wasn't a door in it.
It was like lots of
little dots-- tiny dots
of different white, green
and blue kind of lights.
And they were moving
down very slowly a bit
like a slow waterfall.
And we stepped into it and we
stepped out on the mothership.
Now how that works, I have idea.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, maybe I
do, but I don't.
>> Right, right.
>> My humanness doesn't know.
And so we walked into the
bridge or the control room,
and it was huge.
And along a lot
of the wall, there
was this what I thought at the
time was like a window looking
out into space.
But I think now
with the technology
that we're aware of,
is more like a screen.
But I could look out into
space and we were very high up.
And this craft could
look down on it.
But it seemed to stretch for
miles in both directions.
It was huge.
And so this lady was
asking me questions
and I'm explaining about it.
And she said, what's
this console for?
And I said, well, that's
just for moving about
in local space.
And it was like, I was
just being surprised
at what I was hearing.
So this lasted for I
have no idea how long.
And then at some point, she
said, OK, it's time to go back.
And then this sensation
and boom, back in the body.
>> Wow.
>> And then I said, OK, Alcazar,
you can talk about anything
now.
[LAUGHTER]
>> You talk about
Pleiades after that?
>> The Pleiadians, the
Arcturians, the Hathors,
all of the Syrians, they all
come through in different
times, depending on the
focus of the workshop.
>> And sometimes, we get a
visit from the commander,
who's actually that aspect
of Prageet who he met.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yes.
>> And is he called
the commander?
>> He calls himself
the commander.
Yeah.
>> OK.
So he's like a
Pleiadian commander?
>> And he comes through--
>> Galactic command.
>> Galactic commander.
>> Not necessarily Pleiadian.
>> Oh, I guess there's different
races hanging up on this--
hanging on the same ship?
>> Yeah, they're from all
the different benevolent
civilizations all
working together.
And they say they have
thousands of craft
in and around our solar
system, and in and around
our atmosphere.
Invisible most of the time,
unless they want to be seen.
And he said more
and more, people
will be seeing the craft.
It's a gentle
introduction to humanity.
>> Right.
Have you had any more on-ship
experiences after that?
>> Probably.
>> Only in his sleep state.
>> At night.
>> Oh, at night on the stage.
>> But consciously,
unfortunately, not.
>> Oh, OK.
Wow.
>> I would welcome--
I'm ready.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Very cool.
All right, awesome.
How about, Jules,
have you had any kind
of galactic
interactions like that?
>> It's kind of interesting
because that very first
stargate evening I went
through in the living room,
Prageet told this story.
And I was just like, awesome.
I thought it was so cool.
And I was driving home
and suddenly-- this
is the only time so far that
this has happened to me.
But it was like this
bleed through of a memory
of my aspect.
And what it was is Alcazar calls
this aspect the lone pilot.
So my higher self aspect
on the galactic command
is like a man who is
alone most of the time.
And then the memory, it's like
everyone being called back to,
I guess, the mothership for
one of their big meetings.
And it was like my
consciousness was hovering
as like a ball or
a sphere and just
like floating
alongside my aspect.
And everything that he
was thinking, feeling I
could think--
I could like permeate completely
into his consciousness.
And it was just like him
walking down a hallway
and taking his spot.
And what was kind of like
stadium in the round,
and in the center is
where the hollow--
where the basically commander
and like a few others
are on stage.
And that was it.
That was the memory.
But I just find
it so interesting
that happened for me after
my first stargate experience,
and nothing like that
has happened since.
Because it came with
the strangest feeling
of like remembering
something that came with--
it's not like how I would
suddenly be like, oh,
I remember this.
It was like I've always
remembered this is how it felt.
It was really cool.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
So this weekend is
my first experience
with the stargate and
seeing you guys channel.
It seemed to be you guys got
in it got into the channeling
experience pretty quick.
I'm just wondering, is
there a prep work involved
for a weekend like that?
And what's your process for
each of you individually?
Is it is it similar
or how do you
bring through the channeling?
>> Well, it's interesting
because we don't really have
to prepare anything.
>> Oh.
>> The way it works, because
the guys respond to everyone
who's there present in the room.
>> OK.
>> So we'll decide when
we want to do a workshop.
And very often, that's guided.
>> Right.
>> So we decide when and where
we're going to do a workshop.
And sometimes, we will
sit down and say, OK, we'd
like this element
and this element.
And then Alcazar
will come in and he
will do a channeling about the
workshop and what's expected.
And then we use that just
to send out to our audience
and say, this is what
we expect is happening,
and you can sign
up on our website
if you wish to
join the workshop.
And that's generally
the way it happens.
>> Yeah.
>> In terms of the actual--
the day of the event
right, very rarely--
>> Most of the prep
work is very 3D with us,
like setting up
all of the things.
>> It's like me with my camera.
>> All the things, right.
>> Yeah, the technical stuff.
>> Yeah, I mean, it's beautiful.
We get to just show up
and really the energy
builds throughout the workshop.
So for me, personally, like
the most beautiful wild card
element is sometimes
suddenly it's
like these higher states of
consciousness just blossom
and it feels amazing.
And then they kind of
just like trickle away
and I'm more like
my humanness again.
But, yeah.
>> And it's interesting
because recently,
because of the lockdown and so
on, we've been doing a lot more
online.
And for many years, I
spent between three and six
months of a year traveling
around different countries
doing workshops, some of which
were very small, 20 people.
And some of them were
much larger with 1,200.
And now in one of
the workshops we
did recently, we had
over 20,000 people.
>> Wow.
>> Because it's online and you
can access people all around
the world.
>> Yeah, I had a couple of
testimonies mentioned that they
would--
just the recordings, they would
be able to tap into that energy
again.
>> Well, again, that's
the amazing thing.
Because it's working
in the quantum field,
which is actually a difficult
concept for most people
to grasp immediately--
>> Sure.
>> But in the quantum field,
there's no time and there's no
space, no place.
And so when we do the
work, even the recordings--
the recordings are of our
voice and music and the images,
but the energy is a response
to the person meditating
with the recording.
So even if they're not present
and they listen a day, a week
or a year later, they're
tapping into the energetic
of that moment.
So Alcazar talks about
this moment of now
when it's happening.
And you can-- the
fascinating thing
is, you can repeat the same
meditation again and again.
And each time, the
energy experience
will be different
because you're different.
And the guides are responding
to you when you're meditating.
And so we always suggest
that people meditate, not
just listen to the meditation.
To actually sit and
meditate or lie down.
>> What are some of
the most impactful or--
for yourself and also for
others, but maybe for yourself,
how have these teachings--
and which teachings
and how have they impacted you?
>> Well, I'm not sure if I can
really identify any particular
one as being more powerful.
But I think the inner
child work that Alcazar
does has touched the lives
of thousands of people.
Inner child work has been
around in the new age
community for a long time.
But this is very different
because again, we're
working in the quantum field.
And so people have an
experience of them,
the adult, being in
the same place as them,
the child, that was
having a difficulty.
And the adult can
talk to the child
and resolve the issues with
the child in the quantum field.
And when the child
releases it, that issue
is dissolved from
the adult's life.
>> It's sort of like I would
go back and visit my childhood,
right?
>> Yes.
>> In the child version of me.
>> Exactly.
>> And then heal those things,
and then that would make
the difference now.
>> It would make a difference
in your adult life.
>> Right.
>> And that's something-- we've
just done an online series
for 30 days.
And one of the aspects that we
worked with during that 30 days
was the inner child.
And that's actually
a free program
that people would
still connect into.
>> Oh, great.
>> And the response that people
have had through that inner
child work has been amazing.
>> Well, you mentioned if time
is an illusion in this quantum
field that we can go
into, it just makes sense.
Of course, we can go back in
time and in our meditations,
in our minds and do
the sealing work.
So totally.
>> I mean, the beautiful
thing about that is the moment
of transformation.
Because you can feel
where the person
goes from holding on not knowing
how to resolve something,
and then it just gently
starts to turn into just
love and understanding.
Working one on one with
people, that's my favorite
is those moments
of transformation
where it's like, pow,
everything opens.
>> And have you--
obviously, you've had to
integrate these teachings,
this work to get to
this level to even like
bring through this energy.
What are some-- can you give us
some examples of how maybe some
working with your inner
child that you've--
>> Yeah.
So for me, personally,
one of the amazing things
about working with
the stargate is how it
gently, gently transports you.
So it's like it's going
to activate whatever
super powers or underlying.
And it may be some
people are feelers.
So it's just going to let them
feel in this amplified way.
It's going to let
them access states.
Or if they're visuals,
they're going to see a lot.
But for me, personally, it was
very specific in our child work
healing some things
that happened to me
when I was like three or four.
But through the process of this,
Alcazar actually connected me
in to an energetic that he
calls the essence of life, which
is like this super high
vibrational, really
beautiful energy that--
I wasn't going to go into
this, but it's actually
like the flipside
of sexual energy.
So it's like healing some
really traumatic stuff ended up
being the greatest gift ever.
Because it's like this
energy is pristine,
it can be used to heal
literally physical stuff,
as well as emotional, mental.
It's like a cloud that
starts to surround something
and then gently, gently
like tease it apart
until it's just all turns
back into essence energy.
>> Meaning the
sexual energy, right?
>> It's not sexual energy.
It's like this higher
vibrational aspect of it.
>> Sexual energy is really
a creative, energetic.
>> Right.
>> Yeah, it makes sense why the
essence of life would be this
flip side of it if you think
about how life actually comes
to the planet.
>> It's all sexual, right?
>> Yeah.
>> We have to do certain acts
in order to bring life into this
world, right.
>> Life.
Voila.
So yeah, it's like recognizing
that just by bringing gratitude
and appreciation, it can kick
it into that higher vibration.
And suddenly, it's the
most potent healing force.
And it's just with
your intentions,
there's nothing like
tantric about it.
But for me, that was just one
of the most amazing things.
And now I teach women
around the world
how to access that
for themselves.
So that's one example.
>> I mean, you say intention.
I think there's a lot of--
there seems to be a new
emergence of attention
to the intention of that
energy, which maybe we
haven't paid much attention to.
Or we've sort of
demonized or we've
put into, oh, don't go
there kind of category.
And I know you said it wasn't
your intention to go there
here, but we're--
it's becoming less
of a taboo now.
But it has been classified in
this, oh, we don't go there.
>> Yeah.
And there's something so
remarkable about this energy
that's been called dirty
or something like that.
>> Right, right.
>> And suddenly, you
realize that actually,
when you kick it into
this higher vibration,
it's like diamond light.
It's so pristine and
it's so beautiful.
And it's like it's
got nothing to do
with any of that denigration.
So yeah, it's
pretty fascinating.
>> Yeah.
I think we're awakening
to all that dirty energy
in a sense that's been
projected on that.
And now we're cleaning that up.
So having these
conversations is part of it.
>> Yeah.
I think there's
various religions
around the world have
to take responsibility
for a lot of that.
It's very much about control.
And unfortunately,
there's many, many people
have experienced sexual
and physical abuse,
which again, generally,
they're afraid to look at.
But what we've found is
it's so easy and so simple
to let it go working
with the techniques
that Alcazar's bringing through.
>> On the drive
over here, Steve--
can I say this, Steve?
We won't name
names, but Steve has
a friend who is sort of going
through that healing work
and some Catholic
Church passed issues
with taking advantage
of her when she
was younger, some sexual abuse.
And there seems to be the
coming to the awareness of it.
But there's also a falling
into victimhood of it.
Like you said, it's easy to
transmute, but a lot of people
are now--
because we're creating
the space to talk about it
and it's OK to talk about
it, and now it's hyper focus.
And we have the #MeToo movement,
which has been started off
being great, and then it's--
I mean, and there's
still many great things.
Having the conversation
is the number
one most important thing.
But then there's this
almost staying there.
There's like, what's next?
>> Well, the thing
is, it's like,
when you're talking about that
kind of like deep inner work,
you want to get
to the other side.
>> Right.
Right.
>> You don't want to stay in
the muckety muck where it feels
awful.
It's like you want to bring
the love and the understanding,
which together,
create compassion
to actually transmute.
And then once you've transmuted
it, it actually becomes wisdom.
>> And the thing is some of the
old ways of dealing with abuse
are about reliving the
experience again and again.
And that's a no, no as
far as we're concerned.
>> OK.
>> We can dissolve those
influences and that pain
and shame and all the various
things that are connected to it
in a very beautiful loving way.
>> Well, what happens is you
can actually touch the moment.
But when you do it
from a place where
you're immersed in
the quantum field
and you have this beauty of
the guides and the energies
all around you, it's like you're
going to touch that moment.
And just by touching
it, it's never
going to be the same again.
>> Right.
You're connected to
your support team.
>> Yeah.
>> And you're infusing
the love and the wisdom.
And then there's a level of
understanding of, oh, this
was something which
from a higher level
I actually created
in my experience.
And so I take partial
responsibility for that,
having attracted into my life.
And now I let go of all the
guilt and shame and so on.
And it actually
raises the vibration
of that person on
a permanent level.
>> It's kind of--
a lot of these people, we
want to let them know that now
that we have the--
you've had this
experience and you
know you'll never going to go
into that experience again,
and we now are
teaching everybody
not to let that happen again.
Where before it was just
because of the secrecy,
because of the
shame and the guilt,
that stuff was sort
of allowed to happen.
>> Yeah.
>> But the more we
have the conversations,
the more we talk about it,
the more we accept the beauty
of that sexual energy, it can't
hide in the shadows anymore.
>> For sure.
And this is a huge part
of how we're evolving.
Because the
ascension of humanity
isn't to deny
anything that happened
or anything that's
so-called dark or low
vibrational and just like
pretend it's not there.
Because that creates a fracture.
It's like it's infusing
all the beauty, the light
into the totality
of our experiences
so that then we grow as
an entire individual.
>> And a collective.
Because if we're all growing
individually like that,
then just all of
society gets uplifted
and we can move together.
>> And that's one of the aspects
of the study work is as you
experience, we create a
very, very strong energetic.
But there's hundreds
if not thousands
of stargates around the world
now-- physical structures
from small ones to
very large ones.
And they all connect
energetically.
And so the very high
frequency, the very powerful
energies that we create
when a group gathers,
those energies are
radiated around the planet.
And they actually touch the
morphic field of humanity.
And so those energies are
going into the morphic field.
And I had one experience once
which touched me so deeply.
And it was a meditation,
Alcazar was guiding it.
And we were, as a group,
consciously sending
this loving energy
out around the planet.
And then I got this inner vision
of this beautiful young woman,
maybe early 20s, in India
wearing a beautiful sari.
And she felt this energy
and her face just lit up.
She went down on her
knees and went like that.
And it just touched me
so deeply seeing that.
Alcazar was just giving
me a demonstration
that this energy was being
felt by so many people.
And we've done different things.
We sent energies to the
new children, for example.
That also was very powerful
because what happened,
I think, we-- where were we?
>> Bulgaria.
>> In Bulgaria at the time.
And we did this very
strong meditation
and we built up a strong
energy field in the stargate.
And then we consciously sent
it out to the new children.
Because Alcazar was saying,
it's very hard for these higher
dimensional-- higher
consciousness rather--
consciousness children
coming into the heaviness
of the Earth.
And so we sent this energy
out and it felt really great.
And then after maybe
two or three minutes,
suddenly, there was this
influx of loving energy
into the group,
and we all felt it.
And it's like, what was that?
And Alcazar said, there were--
I can't remember
how many he said.
>> Like 100.
>> 100 of these children around
the world who had felt that
energy and had connected
together and sent this loving
energy back to us.
>> Beautiful.
>> And that just opened up a
whole new perspective on where
these children were and these
youngsters were connecting with
each other.
And then appreciating what we'd
done, and that was amazing.
>> So Prageet, where
are you originally from?
>> I was born in England.
>> OK.
>> And I was kind of a very
repressed Englishman way back
then.
And fortunately, I
connected in my early 20s.
I was a teacher at the time.
I connected with what was
happening in India with Osho.
And I was so touched
by what I'd heard,
I actually went and lived
there for five years.
>> In India?
>> In India, in Puna.
And really, that's
what opened me up.
>> OK.
>> I did a lot of work and a lot
of groups and so on back then.
And that enabled me to reach
this place of being open enough
to actually bring
through Alcazar when
it was the right time.
And one of the interesting
things that happened
was in the first few
months of channeling,
people would come for
personal sessions.
And one day, one
woman came and I
don't know how she
found out about me
I don't know who she
was, but she just came.
And so I did this
session with her.
And maybe halfway
through the session,
she said, who's the Indian guy?
And I said, what do you mean?
She said, well, there's an
Indian guy standing behind you.
And I said, OK.
What does he look like?
And she described Osho.
She said, he's short
and he's wearing
this magnificent robe and a
beautiful hat on his head.
And I said, wow.
That's Osho.
And she said, well, he
has a message for you.
And I said, OK.
What's that?
And she said, he's asking
you to continue his work.
And immediately, I
said, I can't do that.
I can't take that on.
And it was my ego.
I didn't want to be proclaiming
I'm doing Osho's work.
>> Sure.
>> But now, looking
back on it, yes, I am.
And thousands of
others of people
were with him at the time
are also, in their own way--
>> Doing their stuff.
>> --continuing his work.
So yeah, it's-- because his
work was about the awakening
of humanity.
>> Yeah.
Uplifting, raising
the consciousness.
>> Yeah.
>> Very cool.
>> Well, thank you.
What an amazing journey
you guys have been on.
And we're about to go on another
one in the stargate here.
So looking forward to that.
>> Well, this is fun.
>> OK.
>> And we certainly invite
anyone who feels touched
by this to come and
have an experience.
>> Absolutely.
>> Either physically or online.
>> And online would
be the stargate--
>> The stargateexperience.com.
>> Experience.
Dot com.
Easy enough.
>> Cool.
>> Perfect.
>> Thanks, Reuben.
>> We really appreciate being
able to share in this way with
you and your audience.
>> Thank you so much.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> First time
experiencing stargate,
which has been a really
powerful one and so far.
For me, it's a lot more
felt. So it was really--
what was most
interesting today was
tapping into the different
vibrational frequencies
as they were calling
in different entities.
That was really meaningful.
And just knowing noticing
the subtle nuances
and the different
flavors, if you will.
And being able to then surrender
into those in different ways.
>> And stargate comes in with
this galactic experience,
really connecting us to the
cosmos in this interdimensional
way with all of these extra
dimensional beings and lives
that we may have or have had.
>> It was so beautifully intense
and powerful because it was
palpable.
The depth of the
energy that came in
and the power and the love.
That's maybe what I want to say.
The love and the light.
I just felt so supported
by all the celestial beings
that they brought in.
>> It was like a wave.
It's these waves of
energy coming through when
we were calling in the angels.
And I often will know who
is coming before they come.
So that's always fun.
So to me, the Hathors were
really knocking on my door.
>> There were times last night
and then throughout the day
today where it almost felt like
I didn't know who I was anymore
because so much had
shifted within me.
I felt like there
were times where
I was just completely knocked
out, and then I would emerge.
And it felt like I was
coming out of an ayahuasca
ceremony or something.
And everything felt really
just changed within me.
>> I just keep putting one
foot in front of the other.
And I try to be in the
flow and I loved today
when Prageet described
staying above the chaos.
Right now, I've been above
the chaos for quite a while,
and it feels like
a really good place
to be rather than caught
up with all the energies
that are just swirling.
So I just remain up here.
And my goal is to constantly
be vigilant and mindful to stay
in that place where I can keep
my inner calm, my inner peace
and not be affected by all
of what's swirling around me
throughout the world.
It's planetary.
>> It was so--
this was so powerful.
I felt Kuan Yin, and she
had such an amazing presence
coming in it was beautiful
and just I could feel it.
And Buddha and Jesus and Mary.
And it just all the--
it was amazing.
But to have that done in the
collective and that feeling,
I felt very supported.
I felt very awake and conscious.
And yeah, it was just a
really beautiful feeling.
And even from a
healing perspective,
I felt more vibrant.
And I was more
electrified the rest
of the day-- more energized.
>> Like one piece of message
that was so amazing is that
they were supporting us to be
able to live our true capacity
with no limitations.
So that, we all
understand in theory.
Right?
That we are more than
our just human selves
and our human little
being limitations.
And I really got it
that with the support
that we're getting
from the big upstairs--
that's what I call
them, the big upstairs.
>> Prageet spoke a lot about
liberating us from limiting
beliefs and how we are
just identifying with a lot
of the belief systems that we've
been relating to life through.
And how that is
starting to expand
so that we can touch more
upon the quantum fields
and exist in a state of
infinite possibility.
And I definitely
saw that coming out.
I felt so raw and I started
to see some of my patterns
and habits far more clearly,
and how they were perpetuating
these certain
experiences in my life,
but I don't consciously
want to be having.
And it's so natural
to be like, oh, it's
that person's fault. Or like,
it's life's fault. Like,
life is doing this to me.
But in all the shifts that I
experienced today, it suddenly
became so clear of
like, whoa, there
are these unconscious
programs actually playing out.
>> I get that, that there's
this voice that comes to me.
So I'm used to hearing
that my entire life.
But after this weekend, I think
my consciousness is expanded.
I have a whole new--
I know I feel like I have
a whole new group of beings
to call on.
And they all have new friends
and they'll all have purpose,
I'm sure.
So I feel very guided right now.
>> It's like taking the
intellectual understanding
and bringing it into a really
deep embodied level so that it
becomes sort of like a wisdom as
opposed to just knowledge that
you're hearing.
>> Us getting in touch with who
we are, with our highest self,
with our highest purpose,
with the never ending stream
of light and divinity,
that is who we really are.
That's who we really are
and we tend to forget.
And I think what
that experience was
was really not just allowing
us to remember, but bringing it
in to us so viscerally in
so many different aspects
that we have no choice
but to constantly
be in a state of remembrance.
And when you're in that
constant state of remembrance,
you're also constantly
in a state of emanation.
And being able to be in
that state of remembrance
and being in that
state of emanation
and really being
able to bring and be
that light and that
energy in the world--
>> I'm always looking for the
moving into the next level.
And to me, it took a
while to get there.
Number one was turn off the TV.
>> Yeah.
The shift is happening for sure.
>> It is, yeah.
>> Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]